<b>MATCH-UP</b>
Sombra can use her Hack to deactivate Deflect and Swift Strike; this will render you an easy target for her team because you can't use Deflect to buy time or Swift Strike to flee. Cyber-Agility is still active under Hack, so climbing a wall to flee is still possible. Sombra's high fire rate can kill you quickly if she can track most of her shots, jumping around and staying nimble can help you avoid her fire. If you hear the sound of her uncloaking or the sound of her hacking you, try to get some distance so you're not caught by surprise, or snap around with a quick Shuriken burst to disrupt her Stealth or Hack. Try not to Deflect her attacks, as she'll take this opportunity to perform an easy Hack on you; if you're in an unfavorable situation, it's better to use Swift Strike to quickly retreat. If she doesn't manage to hack you, you can harass her at mid to long range thanks to your Shuriken's decreased damage falloff in comparison to her Machine Pistol before finishing her off with a Swift Strike. Be careful about getting hacked during Dragonblade; you'll retain your sword's impressive power, but losing the ability to Swift Strike or Deflect will make it much harder for you to carve through the enemy team and much easier for them to carve through you.

<b>TEAM SYNERGY</b>
Hacked opponents will often prove to be easy pickings for you; this is especially true for enemies such as Doomfist, Tracer and Mercy who rely on their abilities to disengage from combat. While you can combine Dragonblade with EMP, oftentimes a group of weakened enemies will be easily killed just by standard attacks without even needing to use up your Dragonblade. Try to remain in constant communication with your Sombra; if she calls out weakened targets, try to flank and prioritize them so you can quickly regain Swift Strike. Keep a lookout for Hacked health kits; when you're constantly roving around the map, it will often be easier for you to heal up at a Hacked health kit than to find one of your Support allies.